GUI for convertLog.py ?

The HEU logging feature is there to show us how the customers are using their
sources, by showing us the power being dissipated and the HEU flow rate,
reboots etc.  And of course it's super useful in perfecting the HEU and seeing
what went wrong.  Gobs of information is recorded into an 8G micro-SD card.

"convertLog" sends a command to an HEU3 and receives a pile of compact format
log data over serial, and stores that as logname.txt.
That file is barely human readable.

Then it parses the data and stores an expanded human-readable form as
lognameout.txt.

It also generates logname.csv, which is ready for a version of our CSV viewer
("CSV Viewer for HEU3") for plotting.

The logs can be huge and take a long time to dump over USB serial.  So there is
a number of megabytes limit paramater in the original dumplog comand to the
HEU, which dumps the latest NNNN megabytes.  Usually 1 meg is all that's
interesting.  This expands by about 5x when converted to CSV.  There's a lot in
those .csv files.  The python converter is filling in things that have been
compressed where there was no change, to make sensable plots.  The log is never
automatically erased on the HEU.  But you can command that manually.  We should
not implement that here, now, we could loose info.

The filenames could be automatically created and let the user tweak it.
I am using "sn1060log18..." as a standard format so far.  So serial number
and a sequential log number for that unit.  You can ask the HEU what its SN is,
so doing that would be a good idea rather than relying on the user to get it
right.

Remembering the log number... keep that locally in a file on the PC, but allow
the user to change it? Then keep incrementing each dump for that HEU?

Switchable options in convertLog now:
printIt = False    # Print on console?  .txt log is always created.
 (haven't needed this for a while, probably can leave it off or
 strip printing out.)
 
commandIt = True   # True = pull the log anew over USB from the HEU.
 False means run on the lognameout.txt that you've already got locally.

csvIt = True       # Also create .csv?
 (need a manual switch to turn this False if the parser croaks due to something
 wrong with the log).  Happens now only if the HEU CPU gets killed while
 logging. Then you have to edit lognameout.txt to trim a line or some such.
 Then run convertLog with commandIt = False and csvIt = True.

Warning about possible future changes. The HEU uses a protocol with a version
number that it will tell you if you ask (in the same command that tells you the
 serial number: RFINF.)
